<<<<<<< HEAD
O! say can you see by the dawn's early light,
⁠What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming,
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight,
⁠O'er the ramparts we watch'd, were so gallantly streaming?
And the Rockets' red glare, the Bombs bursting in air,
Gave proof through the night that our Flag was still there;
⁠O! say does that star-spangled Banner yet wave,
⁠O'er the Land of the free and the home of the brave?
On the shore dimly seen through the mists of the deep,
⁠Where the foe's haughty host in dread silence reposes,
What is that which the breeze, o'er the towering steep,
⁠As it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses?
Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam,
In full glory reflected now shines on the stream,
'Tis the star-spangled banner, O! long may it wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
And where is that band who so vauntingly swore
⁠That the havoc of war and the battle's confusion,
A home and a country should leave us no more?
⁠Their blood has washed out their foul footsteps pollution.
No refuge could save the hireling and slave,
From the terror of flight, or the gloom of the grave,
And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave,
O'er the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave.
O! thus be it ever, when freemen shall stand,
⁠Between their lov'd home and the war's desolation,
Blest with vict'ry and peace, may the Heav'n rescued land,
⁠Praise the Power that hath made and preserv'd us a nation!
Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto—"In God is our Trust;"
⁠And the star-spangled Banner in triumph shall wave,
O'er the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave.
=======
1 We hold these truths to be self-evident, 
2 that all men are created equal, 
3 that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights,
4 that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
5 That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, 
6 deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,
7 That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, 
8 it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, 
9 and to institute new Government, 
10 laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form,
11 as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
12 Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes;
13 and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, 
14 while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed.
15 But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, 
16 pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, 
17 it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.
18 Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; 
19 and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government.
20 The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, 
21 all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States.
22 To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.
>>>>>>> d665092746094c38f54d4bd6bd129e90c1234096
